All right.
Let's dive in.
Today, we're talking about a brand new research project that's aimed at cracking one of the
toughest, most expensive problems in the business world.
I mean, we've all seen this happen, right?
A company sinks millions into some shiny new system, a new platform, a new set of tools,
and it just fizzles.
It gets bogged down, people resist it, and it never quite delivers on that big promise.
It's a massive, frustrating issue that hits pretty much every organization out there.
And let's be clear.
The stakes here are incredibly high.
As Clark Moyer, who's leading this project, puts it, this isn't just about wasted cash.
When you fail to adopt new tech, you risk losing your competitive edge, and in the
worst case scenario, you could become obsolete.
Now, you might be thinking, haven't people studied this for years?
And yeah, they have.
But here's the thing.
A lot of that research is siloed, or it just doesn't capture the big picture view from
the senior leaders who are actually making these multi-million dollar calls.
There's a huge blind spot in our understanding.
So if the old playbooks aren't cutting it anymore, how do you actually design something
that gets to the real root of the problem?
You go straight to the source.
The tabs project hones in on the C-suite and the senior execs, you know, the CEOs,
the CIOs, the folks who have that 30,000-foot view of everything happening in their
C-suite.
And this is the tool they built to do it.
It's called the Technology Adoption Barrier Survey, or TABs for short.
It's a new diagnostic specifically designed to pull out those high-level insights and
really map out what's going on.
Okay, so let's pop the hood on this thing.
How does this survey actually dig in and uncover these insights?
Well, it's all broken down into a three-part diagnostic.
To really get the full picture, it deconstructs the problem into three logical chunks.
First, you've got to pinpoint the actual barriers.
Next, you assess how ready the organization is for the change.
And finally, you measure the maturity of the company's core processes.
Let's dig into each one.
Part one is all about finding the roadblocks.
It gets leaders to rate all those classic hurdles.
You know the ones, employees digging their heels in, the sticker shock of the new
tech, the nightmare of making it play nice with your old systems.
Or maybe it's something bigger, like nobody even knows what the strategy is.
These are the pain points we all recognize.
But you know, just spotting the problems isn't enough.
Part two is all about readiness.
Is your organization actually set up to handle this change?
Is the vision from the top crystal clear?
Is your culture open to trying new things?
Do you have the right people with the right skills?
This part is basically a checkup on your capacity for success.
And this brings us to the third and maybe the most powerful part, measuring maturity.
This goes way deeper than readiness.
It asks leaders to rate their organization's processes on this five-level scale.
Are you at level one, where everything is kind of chaotic and reactive?
Or are you all the way up at level five?
Or you're proactively innovating and always improving?
This really gets to the heart of how ingrained your good habits are.
Now, a tool this ambitious can't just appear out of thin air, right?
It needs to be built on something solid.
And the TABS project is absolutely built on a mountain of foundational research.
This is what's so important to understand.
The TABS survey isn't just some random checklist someone dreamed up.
It's the end results of over 60 years of deep academic work on how people,
and by extension entire organizations, adopt new stuff.
You can literally trace the family tree of these ideas.
It started way back in the 60s with the diffusion of innovations theory.
Then in the 80s, we got the technology acceptance model,
which focused on whether people thought something was useful and easy.
The unified theory in 2003 pulled a bunch of these ideas together.
And now, TABS is taking all of that and
turning it into a practical, modern tool for today's leaders.
So, we've got all this history, all this research.
But what's the point of collecting all this data?
Well, the goal isn't just to write another paper.
It's to turn all of that data into insights you can actually use.
Yeah, the whole project was built from the very beginning to have
practical real world value.
It's all about closing that gap between a dusty academic theory and
the tough decisions leaders have to make every single day.
So what's the big payoff?
Well, it's huge.
For starters, it's going to give you industry benchmarks so
you can finally see how you stack up.
It'll help leaders zero in on exactly where they need to focus their attention.
And because they plan to do this every year,
it will create this amazing GPS for navigating change, spotting trends,
and helping everyone build more adaptive, innovative cultures.
All right, so let's make this personal for a second.
Let's turn the camera around and think about what's going on in your own organization.
You know, the real power of a survey like this is in the questions it forces you to ask.
So think about it for your own company.
To what extent is a play it safe risk averse culture holding you back?
And be honest, how mature is your ability to handle the human side of change?
Just thinking through these questions is valuable.
And that really brings us to the final bottom line question.
Let's just cut through all the noise for a second.
In your world at your company, what is the single biggest barrier holding you back?
Is it the tech, the money, the culture, the leadership?
Because answering that, that's the first real step to actually fixing it.